Emphasis the importance of input of unsafe recovery (#19595)
pingcap/docs: online-unsafe-recovery.md

### Step 1. Specify the stores that cannot be recovered

To trigger automatic recovery, use PD Control to execute [`unsafe remove-failed-stores <store_id>[,<store_id>,...]`](/pd-control.md#unsafe-remove-failed-stores-store-ids--show) and specify **all** the TiKV and TiFlash nodes that cannot be recovered, separated by commas.

```bash
pd-ctl -u <pd_addr> unsafe remove-failed-stores <store_id1,store_id2,...>
```

> **Note:**
>
> - Make sure that **all** unrecoverable TiKV and TiFlash nodes are specified in the preceding command at once. Omitting any unrecoverable nodes might cause the recovery process to be blocked.

> > - If you have already performed Online Unsafe Recovery within a short period (such as within a day), make sure that the subsequent execution of this command still include the previously processed TiKV and TiFlash nodes.

Author: ```suggestion
> - If you have already performed Online Unsafe Recovery within a short period (such as within a day), make sure that the subsequent execution of this command still includes the previously processed TiKV and TiFlash nodes.
```

- `invalid input store x doesn't exist`: The specified store ID does not exist.
- `invalid input store x is up and connected`: The specified store with the ID is still healthy and should not be recovered.

> If PD losses store information for unrecoverable TiKV nodes after disaster recovery operations such as [`pd-recover`](/pd-recover.md), which makes the specific store IDs unknown, you can use the `--auto-detect` mode. This mode enables PD to automatically remove replicas from TiKV nodes that are either unregistered or previously registered but forcibly deleted.

Author: ```suggestion
If PD loses store information for unrecoverable TiKV nodes after disaster recovery operations such as [`pd-recover`](/pd-recover.md), making the specific store IDs unknown, you can use the `--auto-detect` mode. This mode enables PD to automatically remove replicas from TiKV nodes that are either unregistered or previously registered but forcibly deleted.
```
